---
layout: page
permalink: /Trimester 1
title: Trimester 1
---
## Trimester 1 - Introduction to Tools and Resources
> The initial weeks focus on introducing Tools, Pair Programming, and the AP Resources that we plan to use throughout the year. At the end of Weeks 0-3, students will be exposed to blogging with GitHub Pages; developing with Jupyter Notebooks, Python, JavaScript, HTML, and Code.org AppLab; working with AP classroom and becoming familiar with Create Performance Task project requirements.


<table>
    <tr>
     <th>Week</th>
     <th>Learning Objectives</th>
     <th>Link to review ticket</th>
    </tr>
    
    <tr>
        <td>0</td>
        <td>During week 0, I set up my repository and worked on exploring github/ fastpages. I joined the slack and also began learning how to set up posts.</td>
        <td>
            <ul>
                <li><a href="https://jiya-sav.github.io/jiya_repository/">Review Ticket</a></li>
            </ul>
        </td>

    <tr>
        <td>1</td>
        <td>During week 1, I made a few example markdown and jupyter notebook posts to get an idea of how the blogging worked. I also created a quiz,  learned how to make docx posts, and made a new page on my site to keep track of notes.</td>
        <td>
            <ul>
                <li><a href="https://github.com/jiya-sav/jiya_repository/issues/2">Weel 1 rt</a></li>
            </ul>
        </td>
    <tr>
        <td>2</td>
        <td>During week 2, I made this time box, and customized my site more. I added link files to this page, and made sure there were plenty of images. Also, I made use of the tagging feature and learned about lists/ dictionaries in python. I made another quiz, and played around with the themes.</td>
        <td>
            <ul>
                <li><a href="https://jiya-sav.github.io/jiya_repository/">my fastpages</a></li>
            </ul>
        </td>
    <tr>
        <td>3</td>
        <td>This week, I played around with App Lab.</td>
        <td>
            <ul>
                <li><a href="https://github.com/jiya-sav/jiya_repository/issues/4">week 3 rt</a></li>
            </ul>
        </td>
       
    <tr>
        <td>4</td>
        <td>This week, I was able to run fastpages locally, and show the difference between permenant and temporary, fast changes. I also set up a python repository and ran it locally, using IP address and Port used.</td>
        <td>
            <ul>
                <li><a href="https://github.com/jiya-sav/jiya_repository/issues/5">week 4 rt</a></li>
            </ul>
        </td>
    
    <tr>
        <td>5</td>
        <td>I played around with javascript and html; I changed the highlighter color and made a separate function and column in table for classLevel. I took notes and added comments to explain what I did and add additional notes from lecture. I also made a sample calculator is js, personalized the group flask, and made a team agile methodology chart.</td>
        <td>
            <ul>
                <li><a href="https://github.com/jiya-sav/jiya_repository/issues/6">Week 5 rt</a></li>
            </ul>
        </td>
        
    <tr>
        <td>7</td>
        <td>This week, I made extra modifications to the burger/ fries program, completed the college board mcs, and learned about APIs. I incorporated one in a submenu, showing Netflix top 10 movies.</td>
        <td>
            <ul>
                <li><a href="https://github.com/jiya-sav/jiya_repository/issues/7">week 7 rt</a></li>
            </ul>
        </td>

        <td>8</td>
        <td>This week, my group edited our Home Page on the SSJN flask repository that welcomes users to our project, describes what our project does, and included a Click to Start button that takes users to the next page where they can enter in their emotion. We ensured that our front and back end were connected and aws was working.</td>
        <td>
            <ul>
                <li><a href="https://github.com/jiya-sav/SSJN_flask/issues/1">week 8 rt</a></li>
            </ul>
        </td>
        <td>9</td>
        <td>This week, my group made a copy of the songs API we created and expand it to have dictionaries of songs that match to synonyms of different emotions on our shared flask repository: call this spotify + emotion api. We learned more about connecting API and connection with fastpages.</td>
        <td>
            <ul>
                <li><a href="https://github.com/jiya-sav/SSJN_flask/issues/3">week 9 rt</a></li>
            </ul>
        </td>
        <td>10-12</td>
        <td>Our griup finished our project! We had a lot of learnings along the way, such as making sure our front and backend were connected. We also were able to make sure the voting part of our api worked and showed up well on the front end part, and used debugging techniques throughout.</td>
        <td>
            <ul>
                <li><a href="https://github.com/jiya-sav/SSJN_flask/issues/5">week 10 rt</a></li>
            </ul>
        </td>
    </tr>


</table>

